fix(deps): Update nextra to v2.0.0-beta.21 (#1682)
cloudquery/cloudquery: website/pages/blog/running-nsa-and-cisa-kubernetes-hardening-tests-with-cloudquery-policies.md

<BlogHeader/>

> On August 3rd, 2021, USA's National Security Agency (NSA) and the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) released, [“Kubernetes Hardening Guidance”](https://media.defense.gov/2022/Aug/29/2003066362/-1/-1/0/CTR_KUBERNETES_HARDENING_GUIDANCE_1.2_20220829.PDF). The guide describes in great detail the challenges in the security k8s environment, base threat model and guidance on how to provide secure configuration to minimize risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On August 29th, 2022, USA's National Security Agency (NSA) and the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) released, [“Kubernetes Hardening Guidance”](https://media.defense.gov/2022/Aug/29/2003066362/-1/-1/0/CTR_KUBERNETES_HARDENING_GUIDANCE_1.2_20220829.PDF). The guide describes in great detail the challenges in the security k8s environment, base threat model and guidance on how to provide secure configuration to minimize risk.
```

(I guess?)

Reviewer 2: Yes! Great catch
